against the actual y from the validation
data set from that to compute the error
which is called the validation error
right we want this error to be as low as
possible in order to achieve that one of
the techniques is we try to see how the
model is performing that is the error
performances lower the error better the
performances now we try to adjust
various
combinations of the hyper parameters of
whichever ml model that we are dealing
with for example if we dealing with say
a random Forest algorithm the hyper
parameter could be something like the
number of
estimators and say the max depth right
there could be other parameters also
likewise if you use say support Vector
missions it could be what kernel you are
using what kernel you are using what the
value of the C parameters things like
that right so for a specific value of
these hyper parameters the error might
be lowest this is what hyperparameter
tuning is all about now the process of
hyperparameter tuning itself is done
using the most common method is using